ι. -ν--ο- ’και-Μωυ-Μῴν w α ΜΝ

The Cicognara Library: Literary Sources in the llistory osArt und l<indred Subiects

Published by the leopoldo C icognara Program at the University os lllinois 1 ,ibrary in association with the Vaticzin Libum·
Diroctor: Leonard Boyle‚ Ο.Ρ., prefect, the Vatican [Abi-ary, Fditors: Philipp Fehl :ind Rama Felil, the Universitx μί’
lllinois at Urbana-Champaign; Lilabeth Wilson, The University of Washington Libraries⁴

J*
locatum osOrigmal:
The Vatican Library

Title Numbers:
There are two numbers on the header os each microfiche

The number in the top right hand corner is the unique microliche siling number given to each title. This number
corresponds to lhc'cntry in the Catalogo ragionato dei libri· sl'artv e d'amichim possediat dal Come ( ‘magnam <Pisa

1821) reproduccd as title l in the microsiche series. The microsiches should be silod in numerical order⁴

The number below is the number os the microfiches in the title, ι e. 2 of 6 means the second microssclie in the set oso.

Techm'cal Data:
Produm ng Laboratory Vatioen Library Photographic Departrnent
Microsiche Copies: Made by International [maging Bassingbourn C ambridgcshiro mmcd Kingdom

Date os Microsiche Edition 1989-
Format 30, 49, 60 or 98 srame‚ 105 x 148mm‚ 24 x nomina] reduction
Film Typc: Positivc‚ silxer hande, archivally permanent processed to ΑΙΙΜ ancl 1381 standartls

Permsssions (ἓ Copyright:

. ’ This titleis reproduoed by permission of the Vatioe‘n Libraiyj T'ne arran gement os the pa ges on microfiche is the copyri ght

of the Leopoldo Cicogrmm progr-am. No copy of this complete microfiche may bc made without written permissio n os
the Leopoldo Cic'o gnara Program. Photocopies ofindividual pa ges may be made sor individua! research and study uit hout
application to the publishcr. · v

il Note (m the Original Alatert'al

The C icognara nucrofiche edition reproduoes the entire Γ ondo C 1c0gnara os the Vatican Library Leopoldo C icognara

Ἴ ( 1767- 1834) collected his judiciously comprehensive library osmer 5 000 books and pamphlets on an architectum,
, archaeology‚ art history and criticism sor the use osartists and amsans as u ell as scholars and lox ers osan. The holdings

include many illustratod works and range from ‚the late fissoemh century to C icognam s own time The library is described
in detail in Cicognara' s Catalogo (Pisa, 1821) whichis the first title in this mic9fiche series C ioognara s library u as

Ι purchased by the Vatican in 1824 and continues to be preserved as a unit

 

 

